Update quick-start.md (#412)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/getting-started/quick-start.md

![GIF: Create Restaurant collection type in Content-Types Builder](../assets/quick-start-guide/qsg-handson-restaurant.gif)

> Once Strapi has restarted, "Restaurant" is listed under Collection Types in the main navigation. Wow, you have just created your very first content type! It was so cool — let's create another one right now, just for pleasure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Strapi has restarted, the just created "Restaurant" collection type will be listed under _COLLECTION TYPES_ as  "Restaurants" in the main navigation. Wow, you have just created your very first content type! It was so cool — let's create another one right now, just for pleasure.
```
